1. Smoke Detectors Disclosure

In consideration of the execution of the above said Lease Agreement, Owner/Agent and Tenant(s) agree to the following: All of the smoke detectors installed at the property are operable at the time of move-in and are installed for your safety in the following locations: Living Room Each Bedroom Kitchen Tenant(s) acknowledge that all Smoke Detectors are in good condition and agree to keep them operational. All battery-operated Smoke Detectors must be tested at least every six months. Tenant(s) is responsible for purchase and replacement of all batteries on needed to basis and/or at least every six months. Any problems with Smoke Detectors which are not associated with battery replacement must be promptly reported to Owner/Agent. Tenant(s) cooperation in making sure that these life saving devices work properly is essential. Your occupancy of the Leasehold premises constitutes full agreement with all of the above in addition to and as part of your Lease Agreement.

2. Carbon Monoxide Disclosure

Carbon monoxide is an odorless, colorless and toxic gas. Because it is impossible to see, taste or smell the toxic fumes, CO can kill you before you are aware it is in your home. At lower levels of exposure, CO causes mild effects that are often mistaken for the flu. These symptoms include headaches, dizziness, disorientation, nausea and fatigue. The effects of CO exposure can vary greatly from person to person depending on age, overall health, and the concentration and length of exposure. In consideration of the execution of the above said Lease Agreement Owner/Agent and Tenant(s) agree to the following: The unit is equipped with at least one (1) or more Carbon Monoxide Detector(s). The undersigned Tenant(s) agrees to abide by the below listed owner and EPA guidelines. - Do not tamper with, move unit(s), or remove the batteries from any Carbon Monoxide Detectors. - Keep gas appliances properly adjusted. - Installation/use of heaters is prohibited in this rental, unless otherwise noted. - Only heaters approved by Owner/Agent for electric output and proper safety features will be considered. Uses of even approved heater(s) are a sole responsibility of Tenant(s). - If use of space heater is permitted by Owner/Agent, consider purchasing a vented space heater. Tenant(s) acknowledge that all Carbon Monoxide Detectors are in good condition and agree to keep them operational. All battery-operated Carbon Monoxide Detectors must be tested at least every six months. Tenant(s) is responsible for purchasing and replacement of all batteries on needed to basis and /or at least every six months. Any problems with Carbon Monoxide Detectors which are not associated with battery replacement must be promptly reported to Owner/Agent or property manager. Tenant(s) cooperation in making sure that these life saving devices work properly is essential. Your occupancy of the Leasehold premises constitutes full agreement with all of the above in addition to and as part of your Lease Agreement.

3. Mold Disclosure

Mold can create serious vulnerabilities and health problems for both tenants and guests of the rental property. It is generally understood that mold spores are present essentially everywhere and that mold can grow in most any moist location. While some mold grows in visible areas and can be easily detected and removed, other types are often hidden under floors or behind walls and are not easily thwarted. In consideration of the execution of the above said Lease Agreement and to inhibit the growth of mold on the property Tenant(s) agrees to the following terms and conditions concerning maintenance and upkeep of rental Unit: 1. Tenant(s) must promptly report any water leaks to Owner/Agent. 2. Tenant(s) cannot allow any accumulation of moisture or standing water to remain in rental Unit; such accumulation, if any, must be immediately removed. Any accumulation of moisture or standing water that Tenant(s) cannot reasonably remove by his/her own efforts must be promptly reported to Owner/Agent. 3. Tenant(s) is responsible for keeping humidity in the rental Unit at reasonable levels. Furthermore, Tenant(s) must report any indication of abnormal or excess humidity to Owner/Agent. Indications of excess humidity may include buckling walls or ceilings, peeling or cracking paint, peeling wallpaper, excessive condensation on windows or walls, sweating pipes, as well as the malfunction of any heating or ventilation system. Tenant(s) should be vigilant for any mold growth in the rental Unit and should periodically inspect high humidity areas to ensure that mold is not present. Such areas include carpets, bathroom, kitchen, hot water heaters, air conditioning lines, appliance hoses, showers, tubs, sinks, toilets, pipes under cabinets and sinks, garbage disposal systems, caulking around windows and doors, and wallpaper. Tenant(s) will be responsible for the removal of any mold growth in the rental Unit if found to be in noncompliance with the above suggested proactive measures and timely report. Your occupancy of the Leasehold premises constitutes full agreement with all of the above in addition to and as part of your Lease Agreement. In signing this Lease, Tenant(s) has first inspected the Unit and certifies that they have not observed mold, mildew or moisture within the Unit. Tenant(s) relieves Owner/Agent from any liability for any bodily injury or damages to property caused by or associated with moisture or the growth of or occurrence of mold or mildew in the Unit. In addition, execution of this Lease constitutes acknowledgement by Tenant(s) that control of moisture and mold prevention are Tenant(s)’s obligations under this Lease. Your occupancy of the Leasehold premises constitutes full agreement with all of the above in addition to and as part of your Lease Agreement.

4. Radon Hazard Disclosure

"Radon hazard" means radon concentrations at or in excess of the United States Environmental Protection Agency's, or the United States Environmental Protection Agency's recommended Radon Action Level. Tenant is notified that exposure to dangerous levels of indoor radon gas may place the occupants at risk of developing radon-induced lung cancer. Radon, a Class-A human carcinogen, is the leading cause of lung cancer in non-smokers and the second leading cause overall. In consideration of the execution of the above said Lease Agreement Landlord and Tenant(s) agree to the following: 1) Landlord has no knowledge of any radon hazard existing within the Property. 2) Landlord has no records or reports pertaining to any radon hazard within the Property. By signing, Tenant acknowledges that they have received copies of all the information listed above. Furthermore, Tenant acknowledges receipt of the EPA radon disclosure materials, a copy of which is attached to this Disclosure Document.

5. Eviction Ramifications

It's possible that you may not know about or understand the ramifications of what it means to be the subject of an EVICTION proceeding. Below is a list of easy to understand consequences a person may face as a result of a legal eviction due to breach of Lease Agreement terms and/or rent's non-payment court judgment:
1. Eviction Court. A humiliating experience and a matter of permanent public record.
2. Dispossession. Tenant(s) may be forcibly removed from the premises. A humiliating experience and a matter of permanent public record.
3. Judgment(s). A person's credit rating will be severely damaged including the following:
- A collection process until debt is paid in full
- Possible seizure of owned assets including bank accounts
- Garnishment of wages
- Notification of credit bureaus causing inability to qualify for lines of credit, including credit cards, car loans and mortgages.
- Notification of National Tenant Reporting Services causing inability to qualify for rental housing (Most quality rentals require credit & tenant screening).